by the way I think more significant even
than what the religious people think
because the conception we get from the
beginning of an infinity and the work of
David Deutsche is that people become
increasingly more powerful and gain more
and more control over the universe
becoming like Gods themselves this is
completely different to the conception
you get from religion where in most
religions people are yes important to
the cosmic scheme of things but not so
important that they can become like God
but we are saying that people can
asymptotically approach the omnipotence
of God we can gain more and more control
we cannot gain complete control but at
least we can gain ever more power
something denied to us supposedly by the
existing conceptions be they religious
or rational certainly under this view we
are way more significant than the
Justified belief conception of knowledge
would have us think about knowledge